# ðŸš¨ðŸš¨ðŸš¨ Vim Airhorn ðŸš¨ðŸš¨ðŸš¨

## What?

I wanted a way so I wouldn't touch the arrow keys again. There were some cool
snippets but what I *really* wanted was that it would discourage me completely
from touching the arrow keys. So I made vim-airhorn.

## So it's just yet another "block the arrow keys" script? booooring

Well yeah.. but this one's different.

This one playes a loud airhorn if you press an arrow key

## What's with these arrow-key blockers anyway? What use are they?

Well the nice thing about vim is that you can do more or less all movements
still in the touch typing position. Moving hands is a pain in the ass and it
saves a lot of time having to *not* move them.

## Like how much time?

I dunno. Like this stuff hasn't really been scientifically proven right? No
one has *actually* worked out whether a riduculously over engineered vim
configuration makes you a more efficient coder. Like no one has proven that
mechanical keyboards do anything other than tricking you to buying a really
expensive keyboard.

Whoa, wait a sec, I've now got a tiling window manager now! I have to configure
the whole thing with haskell which means I have to learn haskell but in the
long run I will be exactly like those hackers in those movies with their custom
operating systems.

Hold the phone, I just found out Occulus Rift does eye tracking now! I'm
throwing out my Model M because I don't need this piece of crap any more. Who
needs keyboards where an occulus rift will make it look like you're coding with
your **MIND**? The future of coding is here thanks to an expensive piece of
shit that gives you motion sickness. Hooray technology!

## Actually, I think hjkl is bad and the arrow keys are better

Like 99% of people will agree with you on this, but also at the same time the
other 1% of people will say you're wrong and you should be hjkl-ing all the
time. Like this is just something I made for me and I don't think I'll keep
this in my configuration for that long, but you know like whatever.

## So you're making vim plugins for everything in coding that annoys you now?

Blogs are passÃ©. What people are doing now is putting some shit on github and
then posting that shit on Hacker News to get enough internet points so they can
exchange them for Paul Graham Bux. I haven't worked out what Paul Graham Bux
does. Fortunately, no one else at Hacker News has worked out either.

Hey if making Yet Another JavaScript Framework with some passive aggressive
message is the cool thing to do now I should probably go buck that trend and
go **outside** the box and come up with something no one else would take their
time to do themselves. Vim plugins.

## So this works right out of the box?

Not quite. You need the following:

* figlet
* mplayer

## Why the full screen message calling me a dingus? Isn't sound enough?

At first I thought yes, but then I realised that I wnated to discourage people
and I thought a visual (and intrusive) discouragement would help with that.
You're welcome.

## License

Copyright Â© Dafydd Francis. Distributed under the same terms as Vim itself.
See `:help license`.
